# CS-230-Operating-Platforms

The process of crafting a software design document throughout the CS-230 Operating Platforms class was a valuable learning experience for me. The imaginary client I was working for was The Gaming Room, a company with a pre-existing, successful Android game app called “Draw It or Lose It.” Their goal was to have a cross-platform, web-based version of “Draw It or Lose It” developed with the ability to have 1,000 game instances (serving up to 4,000 players) simultaneously.

Of all the sections in the design document, I believe I did the best at detailing the software requirements and associated design constraints. In order to address all of the client’s needs, I had to decompose the proposed project down into stated goals along with specific design patterns/principles, programming languages, etc. to be used in meeting those goals. This was vital to ensuring the client would receive the final product they desired, and also provided me context for the coding assignments I completed.

If I could revise any part of my design document, I would work on my recommendations section in order to provide my client with a cloud-based solution instead of the traditional single-server solution I offered. As I design software applications in the future, I will use similar documentation to help me organize the many important considerations involved: the client’s needs/wants, the technical and financial constraints, the best software design and/or architectural patterns for addressing the problem, and the appropriate platform(s) for the product. I have much to learn about each of these categories, but it has been helpful to see how they intersect in the planning stages of a software project.
